c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Api.dll.config
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Api.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Api.pdb
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Common.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Data.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Api.Models.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Common.pdb
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Data.pdb
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Api.Models.pdb
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\obj\Debug\WebApi2.Web.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\obj\Debug\WebApi2.Web.Api.dll
c:\users\y.tsybulskyi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\obj\Debug\WebApi2.Web.Api.pdb
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Data.Sql.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\WebApi2.Data.Sql.pdb
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Y.tsybulskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplicationExample\WebApi2.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
